* Security Inside the Network: To what extent do employees impose a risk on an organisation’s cyber-security and how should these risks be minimalised?
* How did the attributes of the original Zeus malware enable it to dominate the internet banking malware industry and lead to an explosion of successful Trojan variants?
* How will Artificial Intelligence Change Cyber Security Practice now and in the Future?
* To what extent would Cyber Security be impacted were the UK government to ban end-to-end encryption.
* How can penetration testing and vulnerability assessment help to protect a business’ assets?
* What impact does ransomware have on an organisation and what could be done to limit it?
* Why are cyber-attacks targeted at connected cars dangerous and what can be done to prevent them?
* How much of the vulnerabilities on a computer system is caused by human error in businesses and how can this be reduced?’
* Evaluate how successful are organisations who use Linux in protecting themselves from Malware?
* Critically assess if Cryptocurrencies should be banned in order to prevent Ransomware Attacks.
* How should the nuclear industry around the world produce effective solutions to tackle cyber threats?
* To what extent are Organisations putting their Cyber Security at risk and how can this be overcome?
* Examine how far business email compromise is the greatest Cyber Security threat to modern businesses.
* Explore the impact of whaling emails on large organisations and what can be done to rectify this.
* How and with what ease can cyber criminals access the data sent and received over public WiFi, and what measures can be taken to prevent this?
* To what extent does the Computer Misuse Act and other aspects modernise the Law Sector?
* Examine to what extent quantum computing can make public key cryptography more vulnerable and what are the possible solutions?
* Critically assess the impact that Biometrics has on society.
* Exploring the common features of phishing attacks against individuals, and how can this knowledge help to reduce the impact of phishing?
* Critically assess to what extent patching works and if patches should be openly released or forcibly applied?
* Wannacry; How hard is it to catch?
* Examine the similarities and differences of how ransomware may affect the individual and a company?
* Assessing the benefits and drawbacks of Penetration testing and how to make it more effective.
* To what extent can we protect ourselves from a Distributed Denial of Service Attack and possible solutions for the future.
* Examine the advantages and disadvantages of Vulnerability Penetration Testing within a system or a network?
* Assess how relevant anti-virus solutions are that run on computer systems against today’s ransomware attacks?
* Critically assess the contemporary significance of Computer Based Legislation and examine possible solutions.
* How safe is your device? Authentication, and the steps a user can take to ensure cyber security though authentication.
* An Investigation into the effectiveness of PIN, Android Lock Pattern and Fingerprint as Mobile Authentication Methods
* Data Breach Prevention and Response Best Practices - Lessons Learned from the Equifax Breach.
* Risks of Public Networks and how to solve them.
* To what extent does the insecurity of modern routers affect the security of connected devices and analyse how effective are possible solutions.
* Evaluate Worms and their effects on a business. 
* Explore the advantages and disadvantages of Cybersecurity for businesses and how cyber risks may be reduced or eliminated?
* To what extent has digital forensics evolved and how effective are the tools available.
* Examining the failures of defending the WannaCry ransomware attack, and what were the lessons learned?
* Evaluating the future of security in Internet Of Things.
* To what extent do Darknet marketplaces and forums pose a threat to organisations?
* Evaluate the effectiveness of Autonomous Intrusion Detection Software used in Academia and what should be done to improve it.
* End to End Encryption, how can it be used successfully and should all communication be encrypted by default?
* Discuss how effective Future-proof as Current Standards of Encryption are to Quantum Computers.
* Critically evaluate which laws ethical hacking breaks and to what extent should be considered illegal?
* WannaCry: Inevitable or Negligence? Discuss.
* Ransomware: How easy is it to create and deploy?
* A critical comparison of PCI DSS and ISO/IEC 27001:2013 Standards