* Explore whether being a victim to cybercrime is viewed by organisations and individuals as inevitable, but whether instead it should be seen as something that can be avoided with careful self-management.
* What might be the consequences of using hardware and software designed by foreign nations on UK national security and the privacy of the British public, and is the risk great enough to justify?
* An outline of the main tools available to pen testers, with examples of how they can be used.
* To what extent are end users the weakest links in Cyber Security?
* With the vulnerabilities associated with USB storage devices should they be banned outright in businesses?
* Why was the Stuxnet worm so successful?
* Have They Stopped Lock Bypassing and Acquisition of Data in Modern Smartphones?
* How are email users protected and what security is provided?
* With cybercrime at its peak, how have the security measures of the dark web allowed cybercriminals to thrive anonymously? 
* How has the introduction of, and recent changes to, computer-related legislation affected the use of encryption in order to protect personal data?
* Are methods for preventing breaches more effective in the prevention of cybercrime, or are other methods more effective?
* With the theatre of cyber warfare advancing fast, just how safe are the highways in the skies? 
* To what extent can the Internet of Things (IoT) vulnerabilities compromise other systems?
* How can an individual user or a company identify spear-phishing emails and protect themselves from spear phasing attacks?
* Artificial Intelligence in Cyber Security: Threat or Opportunity?
* What motivates black/grey/white hat hackers, how they develop to that role and how does the government/companies decrease the amount of black hat hacker?
* Should ‘grey hat’ hackers (Freelance cybersecurity professionals) be allowed a role in stopping attacks such as the WannaCry NHS breach?
* An evaluation of why humans are a weak link in the protection of networks.
* An Evaluation of Autonomous Automation in Terms of Security and Ethics.
* Malicious Crypto mining: What is this new form of malware, what extent can it damage and disrupt an organisation and what can be done to minimise these dangers? 
* An Analysis instruction, detection systems and tools and how effective they are.
* The ethical considerations of Penetration Testing and the tools used.
* Evaluating Methods of Obtaining, Analysing and Preserving Digital Evidence Using Digital Forensics.
* To what extent should developers of devices that are a part of the “Internet of Things” (IoT) improve the security of their devices against attacks, and how does the security of these devices compare with regular computers?
* Can 'Deep Fakes' Change the World? Their creation and detection and the societal implications of their use.
* How worms can affect an educational institution.
* How effective pen-testing and vulnerability assessments are in identifying threats and protecting a business’s asset?
* Evaluate the different Methods of Network Intrusion and how to detect once unauthorized access is gained.
* The risk and reward of VPNs and PROXY servers.
* Most influential hacks in history and how Cyber-Security rose to meet them and protect from future hackers.
* What is the single best method black hat hackers use to attack modern businesses?
* An investigation into phishing – the reasons behind it, how much success phishers have, how we protect against it, and could we defend against it better.
* Exploring the effectiveness of Ransomware Hacks in modern enterprises, and how to circumvent them or deal with them successfully; highlighting the common weaknesses found in a company’s cyber-security.
* How the eagerness for the latest smart technology compromises the security of our society and the nuances of keeping our information private. 
* Examine the advantages and disadvantages of vulnerability and penetration testing within a network, system and business.
* How have black hat hackers tried to break different encryption standards and where have they failed?
* Is Social Media really secure for you to put your personal data and information onto? and what are the biggest cyber threats that is being faced by social networking sites?
* Should the UK put electronic voting systems in place and if so, what measures should they ensure are in place to avoid any attacks on them?
* Does the efficiency of digital vote counting outweigh the potential risk of an accidental computer glitch or targeted cyber-attacks?
* How was Mirai able to dominate major sites such as Amazon and how was it stopped? 
* How are professional organisations vulnerable to cyber theft and disruption?
* Quantum computing - the key to more vulnerabilities in public key cryptography?
* Do passwords protect or pass words to attackers to hack our systems?
* Challenges and Opportunities of Machine Learning in Cyber Security.
* Understanding the effects data breaches have on an organisation and the impact of counter–measures.