* An Examination of whether Cybersecurity can prevent chaos focusing on Intrusion Detection and Analysis.
* Differences of limitations between Penetration Testing and Unethical Hackers.
* Exploring DDoS Attacks including SSL DDoS.
* Is Facebook doing enough to ensure that their users’ data is secure?
* Evaluate some of the most damaging cyberattacks of all time and what organisations need to do to better protect themselves in the future?
* What is phishing and how has it evolved. What’s coming next, and how can we stop it?
* An exploration of why ethical and unethical hackers are motivated, why it is so important to know how they operate, and how can agencies reduce the number of unethical hackers?
* What are some of the most damaging viruses and how could they have been prevented?
* To what extent do the vulnerabilities of computer hardware and architecture affect the performance and safety of a computer?
* Investigating vulnerabilities in public key cryptography caused by quantum computing and potential solutions.
* Can a computer ever be 100% secure?
* Identifying and assessing the biggest threats to a computer system.
* How computers have evolved since World War II and created the need for cyber security and why the need for cyber security is increasing.
* How is Artificial Intelligence going to affect cyber security?
* Why is digital encryption so important in our modern society?
* Where does our data Go-ogle? Investigating Google's data and collection usage.
* Ransomware: The top 5 most notable incidents, could they have been prevented and how could we prevent them in the future?

* How effective is the use of cryptography and encryption in 
securing personal data in the face of developing technological 
and political landscape?
* Can AI be of use in vulnerability identification?
* How robust are today’s encryption standards and how will advancements in computing technology 
lead to changes in encryption? 
* How Can Cyber Criminals Exploit Public Wi-Fi Hotspots and What Measures Can Be Taken to Minimise 
the Risk They Pose to the Public?
* Comparing the enforceability of cyber security legislation in developing countries.
* Does user anonymity on the dark web facilitate criminal behaviour and what measures can be taken 
to reduce such activities?
* Will we ever be able to stop cyber-attacks for good, and if so when?
* The Potential Impact of Quantum Computing on Current Encryption Methods. Evaluating the security 
impact due to current encryption methods being broken
* To what extent should medical establishments limit the use of technology whilst storing patient data? 
An analysis of the WannnaCry virus on the NHS, 2017
* What are the dangers of connected toys and who does this affect?
* What are the frontiers of Big Data and how will they affect society now and in the future?
* How Digital Forensics can aid solving criminal cases
* How best to keep yourself secure online on your smartphone?
* Is Digital Forensic Evidence now of greater importance than Traditional Forensic Evidence in Modern Policing and Crime?
* Are smart devices within our homes compromising our privacy, and if so, who is at fault and what are the possible consequences?
* How has the software industry responded to developments in software piracy and hacking, which responses have proven the most effective, and what does the industry need to do to prepare for the future?
* To what extent can VPNs protect a person’s anonymity in a society that has cooperation spying on you and government mass spying programs?
* What is the importance of white box and black box penetration testing and how far do they ensure system security?
* Nowadays is human error the biggest threat to cybersecurity and how can this be prevented?
* What are the most effective steps that can be taken to secure a system, and can it ever truly be secure?
* How great is the risk surrounding the sale of USB Rubber Duckies to the public, which can be used for malicious purposes?
* Is it possible to recover potentially deleted data from secondary storage and what are the most effective methods of doing so? Does time have an impact on recovering the data?
* How have cyber-attacks and hacking methods developed over the years, which have been most effective and where should cyber security focus in the future?
* “Did the Sandworm group fully anticipate how destructive the release of notPetya would be?”
* Are free penetration testing tools viable?
* Can one safely use Public WiFi and if so, how?
* Do Botnets pose a major cybersecurity risk to businesses and people, and how available are they to someone with malicious intent?
* Should organisations consider ransomware a significant threat in 2020?
* Do the actions of employees create unnecessary vulnerabilities in a system?
* How Secure are Cryptocurrencies?
* How have security measures changed since major attacks have happened, and how can we be sure it won’t happen again?