* When does government or international surveillance turn into an obsession over control, and how could this affect firms?
* The ethics listening AI, and how much of our data should others be allowed to have?
* Data collection in Windows 10: Why is it done, what do Microsoft and the media claim, and what does it mean for the average user?
* The impact of COVID19 on cybersecurity in a workplace. What are the implications of remote working and how security-aware are employees?
* An Investigation of the Impact of the EU’s Strategy for a Digital Future on Netizens’ Privacy vs Convenience and Big Tech.
* Security Through Obscurity and the Practicality of Esoteric Network Defence.
* Penetration testing and its role within the cyber security industry.
* Are Discord and WhatsApp in tune with Cyber Security or are they off-key, hidden spyware, in plain view? 
* An Analysis of the Statistics of Global Hacking and an Examination of their Relationship with Global Geopolitics.
* Security as a Service : Outsourcing cyber security.
* Security in the Cloud: self and other in the enterprise cyber space.
* Should Encryption techniques such as End to End Encryption continue to be an industry standard for different applications and should companies be allowed to view the data being sent, received and stored?
* Is there a significant risk posed by the rise in remote working?
* How can the internet of things be misused (in particular - Botnets) and why is it proving so difficult to stop this misuse?
* Will we ever be able to stop Cyber attacks in the UK? If so, when?
* Investigating public-key cryptography, don't share the key!
* Dangers and Risks of SQL injection and how to prevent attack?
* How to stop DDoS? 
* What are the ethics behind whistleblowing in Cybersecurity?
* How do people remain anonymous online?
* To what extent is ransomware the greatest cyber threat towards the functionality of hospitals?
* Is it possible to use the internet without being tracked?
* Identity Crisis: With identity theft on the increase, how can artificial intelligence make digital identities more robust?
* To what extent will the development of quantum computing impact modern cryptography?
* To what extent will quantum computing threaten today's crytographic infrastructure?
* To what extent should NATO nations allow other countries to provide internet services?
* Why is phishing one of the most widley used forms of cyber-attack in data breaches?
* Why are educational institutions vulnerable to malware attacks?
* How have developing countries adapted to the implementation of the Internet & how some dealt with being attacked from across the world?
* Analysis of how malware attacks have grown, how they are evolving, and how they will affect technology in the future.
* Has free streaming services killed off music piracy and what cyber security threats are there in downloading music legally and illegally?
* How does vulnerability assessment and penetration testing help in the security of self-driving cars?
* The differences and impacts of government funded and hacker run cybercrimes.
* How have cyber security practices developed to meet the challenges of cyber-attacks – in particular the Morris worm, ILOVEYOU worm and Stuxnet worm?
* Most effective methods of speeding up password cracking.
* How is Key Distribution Centre used? What industries use it? Can it be made more efficient in those industries who need it?
* In the future, could technology aid the government in creating a surveillance state? 
* Is human psychology being neglected in the attempt to cybersecure smart cities?
* Can vulnerability assessments be implemented in smaller organisations/businesses and how can they impact these organisations?
* How has cyber warfare developed over history, what are some countries capabilities, and what does the future hold for cyber warfare?
* Do hacktivists cause more damage than good?
* What are the most effective ways of preventing against and responding to ransomware attacks?
* How do cybercriminals use ransomware to hold your computer as hostage? How I believe you can prevent ransomware attacks and comparing the different types of protection to decide on the best one.
* Open Networks: What are they and why do they exist?
* What does the use of quantum computers mean for the future of encryption systems? Is it possible to future proof encryption from quantum computing so that it will no longer pose a threat or is it a serious issue?
* To what extent is government surveillance good for a society?
* To what extent do organisations need to protect themselves from cybersecurity threats and what are the most effective methods of doing so?
* How big a threat is quantum computing to big business?
* Is Information Security taken seriously and what can be done to better people's data confidentiality and integrity on both an individual and organisational level?
* How viable is an offensive cyber strategy in protecting a nation's interests?
* What cyber-attacks and hacking methods have been most effective, how have they changed over time and what should be the focus for cyber Security in the future?
* The role of cryptocurrency in cybercrime: How cryptocurrency empowers cybercriminals.
* Is White Hat Hacking the Most Ethical Form of Hacking?
* How will Quantum Computers Impact the Security of Data Transmission?
* To What Extent are Neural Networks a Viable Defence Against Cyber Attacks?
* To what extent can the top 5 social engineering attacks be prevented?
* Should digital piracy be considered a serious, growing threat to cyber security and what are some ways to reduce the risk?
* How effectively can Artificial intelligence be implemented in penetration testing?
* What are the most important threats to voice assistants and how may they evolve in the future?
* An evaluation of human factors in cybersecurity with a particular focus on impulsivity.
* How does the SolarWinds hack and other attacks on networks and websites affect individuals and organisations and the importance of penetration testing and how to perform a penetration test to discover and patch any vulnerabilities?
* Why was the WannaCry Ransomware worm so successful and what are its future implications?
* Understanding the effects that WannaCry cyber-attacks have on different organisations and how these organisations are trying to prevent this from happening again.
* To what extent does hacking negatively impact the Quinary sector of the UK economy?
* How might the increasing development of Artificial Intelligence affect the world of cyber security?
* To what extent are employees the greatest threat to cyber security?