* Digital footprint and our own information being used against us to manipulate our behaviour online and the violation that poses to GDPR and our own personal data while using the internet
* Why was the WannaCry Ransonware worm so successful and what are its future implications?
* To what extent does human behaviour compromise security with regards to financial safety?
* What factors influence the gender gap in the cyber security industry?
* Are Cryptocurrencies Really Anonymous?
* Evaluating privacy implications of Google's search engine monopoly
* Cloud Computing
* Non-proprietary software does more transparency increase security? Ways you could prevent another log4j situation
* What is scamming? Will we ever be able to stop scamming? How are we adapting to prevent it?
* How are socially engineered attacks initiated and how can schools mitigate these risks?
* What are quantum computers and how are they likely to influence data encryption and decryption?
* How secure is Bluetooth?
* An evaluation of penetration testing and its methods
* Analysis and evaluation of penetration testing
* How are digital forensic used and how useful are they in the criminal justice system?
* Evaluating appropriate policies for SMES to deal with the increasing cyber threat in the modern world
* What is SQL injection, how can cyber criminals exploit an organisation's backend vulnerabilities using injection attacks and what measures can be implemented to prevent and detect injection attacks?
* How can users of corporate systems reduce security risk? Is total security possible due to social engineering and deception? How can companies use these social engineering techniques to identify weaknesses in their own systems and policies?
* What specialist hardware and software tools do Penetration Testers use and why?
* An internal penetration test of the Saffron Walden Baptist Church’s Computer Networks to determine points of weakness from a malicious insider
* What can the Cambridge Analytica scandal tell us about the need for cybersecurity in the Metaverse?
* Is Black Box and White Box penetration testing an effective way of considering systems' security?
* Are online gaming communities sufficiently protected from modern cybercrime?
* Analysing and evaluating the use of digital forensics techniques in regard to homicide investigations
* What are the security methods behind Bitcoin, and can they be exploited?
* Do certificate signing and encryption offer sufficient protection in the age of Quantum Computing
* Why is the Computer Misuse Act of 1990 hypocritical from its design and is it fit for purpose today?
* How has the media coverage of the cyber world shaped public attitudes towards online security and how can we expect them to develop in the future?
* Can Artificial Intelligence replace humans in penetration testing in the Internet of Things?
* Is Cyber Piracy a severe issue in today's society and have the methods of preventing digital piracy attacks evolved to match the growing threat?
* Evaluating the implications for technology in cyber warfare given advancements in quantum computing
* To what extent should consumers be concerned about the cybersecurity risks posed by smart home devices and how might these concerns be mitigated?
* How the size of a company in the financial industry affects the success and impact of a cyber attack
* What is the future of homomorphic encryption with a focus on data analytics?
* How safe are cryptocurrencies, what implications are there for its adoption?
* What is a VPN, and should we use it?
* What is the public's opinion whether the GDPR are sufficient to protect the public against possible ethical problem with voice AI?
* How effective are passwords as a means of authentication, how can they be attacked and how can they be made more resilient to attack?
* Is your location and personal information safe while using a VPN?
* Why is incident response planning pivotal to the cyber security industry?
* What steps non-technical people will take to keep their personal data secure
* How reliable is digital forensics in determining a lawful outcome?
* WiFi security and Reliability - How at risk are we and what can we do?
* Phishing abd how not to get baited
* The History and Evolution of Cybercrime
* How has VR Technologies Impacted Social Engineering?
* The history of cyber forensics and how it has allowed the authorities to investigate crimes
* WannaCry - The ransomware that took down the NHS. Who was involved, how did they do it and why?
* To what extent are biometric systems secure from unauthorised access?
* To what extent is penetration testing effective against social engineering attacks?
* What risk does Cryptocurrency entail and is there a way to prevent it?
* When does Government or International Surveillance turn into an obsession over control and how does this affect firms?
* Remote Working
* Ethics of Whistleblowing in Cybersecurity
* To what extent is social engineering a driving force of Hacktivism?
* Were the US and UK right to cut Huawei out of future communication networks?
* How is MI5 effected by Cyberwar?
* How are CAPTCHAs using humans to train Artificial Intelligence?
* How can Artificial Intelligence be implemented in Digital Forensics for Data Analysis and Threat Recognition?
* The insecurity of the Internet of Things, a manufacturer's role in securing our technology-driven world
* How do schools keep children's data secure? How effectively are security information incidents managed and responded to, to ensure this security? An evaluation of strategies and tools