* Security audit of a boat's Local Area Network
* Is electronic banking safe from cyber threats for users in the UK and what are key fundamental ways to mitigate its evolving threats?
* An examination of network security among home computers with pentesting case study
* The effectiveness of social engineering cyber-attacks within modern society
* How can the education sector maximise network security?
* Can you remain truly anonymous online, legally and ethically?
* How can business use cyber forensics to protect and ensure safety of its assets in the business?
* How has security evolved over time to help protect people from cyber-attacks?
* Is an individual's data privacy taken seriously in the UK and why do companies want as much of people's data as possible? Is this good for people and society?
* Ransomware attacks are currently the biggest threat to businesses
* How can we develop a cybersafe society?
* Can you be truly anonymous online?
* Evolution of ransomware with their mitigation and prevention techniques
* Is our information stored within the NHS safe from ransomware, and how can updated technical controls mitigate it?
* Is the Human Factor the leading cause of cybercrime?
* Should corporations fight back in a cybercrime cyber war?
* Exploring the impact of digital devices in Police (Forensic) investigations
* Security as a service; Outsourcing cybersecurity
* How is penetration testing used ethically by businesses?
* What is quantum computing and quantum encryption and what is the future of this technology?
* Discuss the different types of spyware and how can you protect a computer system from infection
* What is the most serious threat posed by IoT devices in the home?
* What prompted the Computer Misuse Act 1990 and how are we moving forward with it?
* Are the users the biggest vulnerability to the network and themselves?
* Are traditional authentication methods, such as passwords and PINs still viable or do we need to be moving quicker towards biometrics and other such authentication methods?
* Can advances in technology ever completely remove the human vulnerabilities from computer systems that require passwords?
* Menacing Trojan
* How feasible is it to mark identity online using VPNs?
* Phishing for data: An evaluation of whether phishing countermeasures do enough to protect users
* What techniques do scam call centres use to manipulate their victims into complying with their requests, and what techniques do ethical hackers use when trying to combat this?
* If an attacker has physical access to a system, are all hopes of security lost?
* How can systems and software evolve to combat information security attacks?
* Why people use cryptocurrency and how safe and anonymous is it?
* How does quantum computing affect the current crypto system, such as RSA encryption? How big will it affect banks and companies in the future?
* Safety of Encryption Algorithms: Their vulnerabilities and Preventative Measures
* What is brute-force attack, how it works and how to defend against it
* The impact of deepfake technology on my local community
* What is the scope and approach of cyber security in external audit today and how will this evolve in the future?
* Can algorithms be racist?
* The history and evolution of cybercrime in the UK 1970-2020
* How effective are passwords as a means of authentication, how can they be attacked and how can they be made more resilient to attack?
* A recipe for cyber security. Setting the foundations of cyber security
* What is the future of digital forensics?
* The prevalence and impact of call centre scams on individuals and organisations
* Why are digital forensics doing their job as they are and what events made them to this current state?
* Social media: Is it free or does it come at a price?
* What have been the biggest cyberattacks on DSPs and OESs in the past years, and how have they impacted the greater world?
* To what extent can continued education about password strength prevent the exploitation of the increase in use of RDP software?
* Do quantum computers pose a risk to online banking?
* An analysis into the intrusiveness of online surveillance
* To what extent does social media increase the vulnerability of a user and how can this be dealt with?
* The Legality and Ethicality of Penetration Testing within the UK
* Impact of malware on businesses, specifically hacking, that targets businesses containing large amounts of personal data
* Investigation into the usefulness of different penetration tools available to hackers in the UK
* Does video game hacking promote fraud?
* The effect of two quotients (Intelligence & Emotional) on cybercrime
* The threat of Quantum Computers on Encryption
* Privacy in the Digital Age: The challenges and tactics for protecting sensitive data in the NHS
* Deepfakes - How great is the threat?
* Are people more vulnerable to cyber security issues after the pandemic?
* How has social engineering grown to target vulnerable adults, particularly elders?
* Can a trade-off between security and performance be achieved in a computer network?
* Are cyber operations an effective weapon in interstate conflict?
* Is the admissibility of digital evidence determined in a just and consistent manner across all criminal cases in the UK?
* What impact can quantum computing have on encryption and how can we stay secure?
* What are the common types of cyber-attack that a small organisation may face and what countermeasures should be put in place in preparation?
* How can employees compromise your businesses cyber security and what prevention techniques could you use?
* Are there steps that can be taken to protect against cyberthreats in organisations with limited resources?
* How does a social engineer plan and deliver an attack?
* Cyber security arms race. How have cyber-attacks developed over time?
* Does white hat hacking make a difference in terms of future attack prevention?
* What makes an organisation the perfect target for a social engineering attack?
* Blockchain security and how the technology can be used in real life scenarios
* Is Government censorship ethical and/or practical?
* How does the war in Ukraine impact global security - have the focus, methods and techniques of state actors changed since the start of the war?
* How do client and pen tester set boundaries and how do they avoid accidently breaching them?
* How effective is AI at detecting rogue data packets on a network?
* How secure are RFID based security systems?
* How are networks commonly vulnerable to privilege escalation and how can these vulnerabilities be mitigated?
* Worms: Why are they made and how do they spread?
* Does behavioural-based malware detection have any negative effects on end users?
* Why does security culture vary in different organisations and nations?
* How does communication affect cyber security and how can the public be educated on how to stay safe online?
* Encryption and the ever-growing advancement in technology
* Malware in the UK Nuclear Sector: Assessing the threat
* How computers have evolved over time and how this has affected cybersecurity
* Does cryptocurrency influence cybercrime?
* Can mobile application policies shield police from a comprehensive digital forensic investigation?
* The consequences of social engineering in the modern world and the importance of prevention
* Data management in our modern world: exploring how companies and organisations use our data and the possibility of achieving complete privacy on the internet
* How does cryptography play a role in the security of online payments/transactions and cryptocurrencies?
* What are the consequences of the rapid evolution of artificial intelligence for the cyber security industry?
* Do the security vulnerabilities of blockchains prohibit the software from being used as a global standard?
* How can political and civilian organisations ensure protection from the threat of cyber warfare and cyber terrorism and the effects these attacks have on societies?
* Investigation into the dark web, technology that supports it, the nature of the activity that takes place and how it is managed by authorities
* AI is used in many cyber security firms and companies; how does this affect the way we view cyber security and how could it impact the future of cyber security?
* What was Stuxnet, how did it work, what were its effects and how can we learn from it?
* Why deepfakes are a major threat to the UK and what we need to do to limit this threat
* The Accenture Breach: Are third party cloud servers secure?
* How ethically sound is penetration testing?
* History and advancements of Trojan Horse RATs
* The repercussions of cyberattacks and the many effects of RockYou
* How did the Cryptography and Encryption of messages change from World War Two to the modern day?
* To what extent was the WannaCry ransomware attack pivotal in changing our approach to cyber security?
* Implementations of machine learning for DDoS attack prevention and anomaly detection in cyber security
* How TLS 1.3 provides its security
* Why artificial intelligence (AI) is key to protect schools from advanced cyber security attacks
* Project Doppelganger - A lesson in the consequences of trusting unencrypted RFID
* What type of threat poses the most risk to a US intelligence agency - internal or external?
* Smart home devices and cybersecurity: Evaluating the vulnerabilities in commonly used smart home devices, exploring the risks posed when they are exploited and measures to protect against these threats
* How can we manage cybersecurity in the dynamic world of cryptocurrencies?
* To what extent did the Stuxnet virus (2010) change the cybersecurity industry?
* What measures can be taken to hack-proof and strengthen the security of a website, and how can these be tested in a practical setting?
* What is phishing and social engineering?
* Will cybercrime ever stop and how will digital forensics help?
* How AI and Quantum Computing will change the world of cyber security
* How digital forensics are used to identify when encrypted messages that are sent across a network are intercepted and altered by hackers who gain access to the information illegally
* Has the relationship between digital forensics and the law evolved in the past 50 years? An investigation into how prosecution has changed with the introduction of digital forensics
* Does penetration testing have its limitations? An investigation into how pen testing secures networks and increases businesses reputation
* To what extent does conflict affect the development of secret communication using computers?
* What are the benefits and risks of AI in the modern day?
* To what extent can artificial intelligence replace humans in penetration testing?
* To what extent can an organisation be fully secure when it contains human users?
* Are black box and white box penetration tests an effective way of considering a system's security?
* How will the development of Quantum Computing affect data security on a national level?
* How Operational Security evolved over time
* Do cyber criminals target a particular profile of victims?
* What are the ethical considerations surrounding the use of artificial intelligence in cybersecurity?
* The history and evolution of cybercrime and the impact it has had on the development of interconnected technologies and networks
* What are the cyber security issues individuals and organisations faced within cloud and network data storage?
* Testing and monitoring measures used in cyber security. History, background and future testing and monitoring measures and the impact of these measures
* Is ethical hacking truly ethical or even secure? Investigation into Pen Testing as an ethical hacking mechanism and comparison with other ethical hacking methods * Cyber security aspects of VPNs and evaluating their effectiveness 