* What is the impact of artificial intelligence on Cybersecurity and what are the emerging trends?
*  How does phishing affect companies, individuals and what can be done to prevent it?
* What awareness do young people have of cybersecurity threats and the preventative actions they should take? How can my school improve the education for its students?
* An analysis of Password Security and Multi-Factor Authentication in Cyber Security
* How vital is our Digital Footprint in an Ever-changing Digital Age?
* Mind Games in Cybersecurity: How do the human aspects of cybersecurity shape and impact the field including the use of psychology and media coverage?
* The War of the Future: How Digital Disinformation Threatens Democracy
* Exploring Educational Keylogger: Unveiling Development, Detecting Intrusions, and Fortifying Defence
* How are we able to ensure Security awareness for our public in this digital age, against the threat of cybercrime?
* The role of Ethical Hacking in compliance with industry standards and regulations.
* Augmented Security considerations to vulnerabilities in the gaming of the past, present and future
* Why Is the Use of Artificial Intelligence Important in Today’s World of Cybersecurity?
* How can the uncontrolled growth of Artificial Intelligence influence the cyber security of an established organisation
* Identify and explain the potential risks that advanced Artificial Intelligence poses and will pose to cyber security, and consequently to humanity, and propose a potential solution
* What do we know about previous major cyber warfare attacks and what can we learn from them to better mitigate against cyber terrorism in the future?
* Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDC) and Cryptocurrencies: Analysing the Threat to British Financial Information Security
* What action should the defensive cyber security industry take in order to mitigate the risk posed by a threat actor with access to a quantum computer?
* Businesses face a lot of security threats, which methods are most effective in trying to prevent these threats?
* Is security testing helping to reduce the number of successful cyber attacks?
* How effective is digital forensics in prosecuting cybercrime?
* Security testing and vulnerability assessment, how can these affect cyber in the present and future?
* How is Penetration Testing used in the Financial Sector to Protect Businesses?
* To research the impact of the Russian Business Network’s cybercrime and compare them and their effects to that of modern-day attacks.
* How Significant is Ethical Hacking to Cyber Security in the Modern Day?
* Why are ransomware attacks increasing? And how can we minimise the impacts?
* Is Biometric Authentication the Future of Security?
* The rivaling history of Cyber Security and Malware Data concept
* In what way has the internet of things affected the security of devices and networks in homes?
* To what extent are the cybersecurity challenges within the gaming industry unique?
* Will the development of quantum computers mean that modern cryptographic techniques need to be revised?
* How does the Internet of Things pose a security risk?
* Beyond the Game: Examining the Concerns in Steam's Backdoor Casino and Gambling Sphere
* How can Artificial Intelligence assist humans in the detection of vulnerabilities and threats to computer systems for protection against cybercrime?
* How can AI be manipulated to commit cyber-crimes?
* Can we ever protect our identity online?
* In our ever-evolving society, will progress be halted in the wake of quantum computing and the danger it poses on worldwide cryptography and confidential communication?
* Should companies create “backdoors” in their devices for government agencies
* Are passwords enough, and will advancements in computing power surpass the level of protection your passwords can offer?
* Alan Turing – How embedded is his knowledge in Cryptography?
* Evolution of investigative tools and Anti-investigative tools and how they affect computer forensics. How can we be certain that a device hasn’t been hacked?
* Does politics influence cyber-crime and security?
* What are black hat hackers? Why do they do what they do and how do they do it?
* The Human Factor: Social Engineering
* Deepfake Technology – How can we protect ourselves in a world where seeing is no longer believing?
* Do Quantum Computers threaten Cryptographic Algorithms and Encryption? And considering the legal and ethical threats to society and the future quantum Computing entails.
* To what extent can deepfakes be used in criminal activity?
* Is there a possibility for AI to become a new competitor, or another obstacle in the way of mass surveillance, and what steps are being taken by governments to prevent anonymity?
* Encryption: How secure are our messages and our data, what threats do quantum computers impose on modern cryptography, and can the threats be countered?
* How will quantum computers change the future of cryptography, and how will it threaten traditional encryption?
* Should AI have the same legal rights as humans?
* Evaluate the impacts of different online privacy tools such as TOR on cybersecurity.
* How effective are cryptography algorithms for encryption and obfuscation of data against human and artificial intelligence decryption?
* How Will Quantum Computers Impact Encryption Algorithms?
* Which factor has been the most significant in enabling social engineering attacks?
* What is the best encryption method to protect against quantum computing?
* Virtual Penetration Testing: Successes, Flaws, and Alternatives
* Are biometrics a technologically strong enough barrier for protecting our data?
* How may quantum computers affect information security?
* Quantum computing will break modern encryption- or will it?
* To what extent will advancements in ML impact on network security?
* What are the implications of Remote Code Execution vulnerabilities for network security, and what steps can be taken to prevent them?
* How emerging technologies could change how companies protect data from external attacks.
* How important is penetration testing? an evaluation on penetration testing, and the significance it has in the cybersecurity sector.
* How does social bias affect the functionality of cyber security systems?
* To what extent are the impacts of cyber attacks damaging and expensive? How much sophistication is needed for a cyber attack?
* What might be the implications for the future of cryptography and data security given the current and potential future advancements in quantum computing?
* Can hacking ever be ethical?
* How does cybercrime and cybersecurity affect the music industry
* AI Anthropomorphism: Unveiling the Dark Side of Blurring the Lines Between Humans and Machines
* To what extent has progress in cybersecurity helped to reduce the vulnerability of financial institutions to a cyber-attack?
* Can cybersecurity keep up with cybercrime in the modern era of computing?
* What impact does AI have on the online world and cyber security in themodern day?
* Can social media services be trusted with user data?
* Hacktivism: Social Justice Tool or Weapon for Terrorists
* How may Artificial intelligence be used in and effect the Cyber security industry?
* Will the implementation of AI within cyber threats and cyber security tools make the world overall more or less cyber secure?
* Delving into the World of Cybercrime and Cybersecurity: Understanding the Threats and Strategies for Prevention
* How will Artificial intelligence & neural networks affect the future of encryption?
* How is physical security tied to cybersecurity, and how can this challenge be managed?
* How will Quantum Computing affect the security of Blockchain technologies?
* Are nature inspired solutions an effective approach to mitigating current and future cyber security risks?
* Evolution of Malware. A review on past, present and future information security breaches.
* The Evolution of Digital Forensics and How It can Help Fight against Cyber Crime
* Cybercriminals: An investigation on different type of cyber attackers, their motives, background and characteristics
* An Examination of the Evolution of Cryptography and Cryptoanalysis in the 1960s
* Mis- and Disinformation in Cybersecurity Advertising
* How to prevent zero-day phishing?
* Helping people understand Asymmetric encryption
* Implementations of machine learning for DDoS attack prevention and anomaly detection in cybersecurity
* How is the public put at risk by cyber attacks on Critical National Infrastructure?
* Understanding and Mitigating the Risks of Penetration Testing Tools in the Wrong Hands
* How does digital forensics follow suspect’s digital evidence?
* Can our personal information be compromised through communication with a chatbot and where does the training data for the AI come from?
* How are digital forensics used, analyzing the stages of the process through the use of case studies.
* Investigation into the deep/dark web and if the anonymity it provides is the most secure way to use the internet
* Evaluating the effectiveness of VPNs
* Brute Force Attacks on Passwords: How effective are they in the modern day
* A detailed investigation into the risks and potential security flaws of device hardware-based encryption on multiple popular consumer platforms.
* Evaluating the effect of AI on Britain’s economy and cyber security
* Will rapid development in AI more beneficial to cyber analysts protecting our systems or hackers with malicious intent and therefore be banned altogether?
* How can embracing Emerging technologies and Ethical hacking help strengthen Cyber security against cyber threats?
* Should the UK establish a national e-governance mobile application and, if so, what security measures and benefits will there be?
* How IoT devices use protocols to work together and the implications of mass development of IoT devices on the landscape of cybersecurity
* Are cyber operations an effective weapon in interstate conflict?
* How secure is biometric authentication compared to other forms of authentication, such as password based or token based authentication?
* How can small businesses protect themselves from Cyber-Attacks?
* Can you ever be truly anonymous online?
* How secure is our messaging and how has that security evolved?
* How has encryption evolved and can it survive in the age of quantum computing?
* Will passwords outlast digital forensics?
* Are the current tools an effective threat against cybercriminals?
* Can the illegal actions that Anonymous take be considered a justified form of civil disobedience?
* Do recent technological advancements in cashless transactions help or hinder crime prevention?
* In what ways could artificial intelligence be a detriment or benefit to cybersecurity?
* Should cyber criminals be punished according to intent or action?
* How detrimental can Online Impersonations be?
* How cyber security and digital forensics are interlinked industries that are dependent on each other for conclusive outcomes on solving cybercrimes?
* Cyberterrorism and the global threat it poses: Exploring some of the consequences
* How has digital forensics developed over time: past, present, and future?
* Exploring the Role of VPNs in Online Security and Privacy.
* How has the improvement in AI affected social engineering?
* A report on the dangers of packet sniffing and vulnerabilities that it can lead to.
* Regulation of the cyberspace and its effects over statecraft: how are international relations effected by this?
* Quantum computers: How do they work and are they the future of vulnerability testing?
* How malicious actors employ fake accounts as a tool to commit various cyber crimes, and how this has changed over time
* An insight into the world of penetration testing
* The implications social engineering has on organisations and individuals
* How do cyber-attacks leak the unethical activities in international organisations? Are these hackers working for the people or personal gain?
* To what extent does machine learning impact on an IOT security strategy for business
* To what extent will AI help protect data and keep it secure?
* How and to what extent is ethical hacking ethical?
* How will the evolution of digital security directly impact the development and threat posed by viruses in the future?
* To what extend do governments monitor their citizens using technology to prevent cybercrime, and do the associated negatives outweigh the positives?
* To what extent will current technological issues fuel the changes to potential trends in cybercrime?
* To what extent will AI influence the way in which we can protect ourselves against cyber-crime?
* Does the threat of quantum computing make blockchain unsafe and untenable to use in the future?
* To what extent do social engineering attack affect modern society?
* To what extent can cyber attacks be improved by utilising the features of AI
* The history of cybercrime, what tools they used and how they were used
* Secure Software Development
* Can artificial intelligence replace humans in penetration testing in the Internet of Things
* What are the values and consequences of 'backdoors' in end-to-end encryption?
* The history of cyber encryption and how it has evolved over time
* The history of cybercrime and how it has evolved over time
* Safety of gaming communities and how secure they are against cyber crime
* What are VPNs and how should they be used
* The impact of cyberwarfare on MI5: challenges and response
* Could artificial intelligence replaces human penetration testing
* Are online gaming communities protected from modern cybercrime?
* Kali Linux tools and their complex uses
* Human error within the disposing of confidential data
* A psychological profile of a hacker
* What is the purpose of creating cyber security incident reports and the consequences of ignoring and not acting on them?
* Cyberwarfare – UN proposed conventions on cybercrime, and damages cybercrime can cause to the average person without proper regulation
* The Impact of Cryptocurrency on Cybersecurity
* What was the impact of the WannaCry attack on the UK?
* How effective is penetration testing and whether the disadvantages outweigh the benefits of it?
* How big of a threat is anonymity through the TOR browser to Organisations/individuals?
* How safe are our cities against targeted attacks on individuals?
* How feasible it is to mark identity online using VPNs?
* What are the types of people that commit/prevent cyber attacks and what are they types of cyber-attacks? What can we do to prevent them from happening now?
* How cybersecurity is evolving with aspects of cyber viruses and cyber-attacks?
* What Factors Other Than Monetary Gain Drive Young Cyber Criminals into Cybercrime?
* What are Propaganda Attacks within cyberwarfare and how can they affect national security of the UK?
