- AI in Healthcare Cybersecurity – Who is Accountable for Preventing Breaches?
- How do different digital forensic techniques aid police investigations in Yorkshire?
- Architecting Secure AI systems: A framework for resilient software in the face of cyber threat
- Are small/medium scale organisations at the risk of the use of quantum computing for cybercrime more than large organisations?
- An investigation into the evolution of malware throughout the 1980s and how it led to the modern world of cybersecurity
- How effective is Artificial Intelligence in detecting threats to data in the financial sector?
- How effective is Artificial Intelligence in protecting a business from malware?
- Artificial Intelligence in Cybersecurity: Hero or Villain?
- How have we secured identity over time and the world challenges of authentication in a digital world
- Social engineering: how can we prevent human manipulation?
- Artificial Intelligence and Ethics: A critical analysis of current challenges and future possibilities
- How will the use of quantum computers affect cyber security?
- How will quantum computers impact encryption?
- Do the improvements to national security justify the use of mass surveillance?
- Is moving key NHS infrastructure to the cloud a good idea?
- Revolutionising Cybersecurity: Quantum Computing’s role in personal security through encryption
- AI Chatbots and the impact they have in the 21st Century and what are their future impacts on young people?
- How can the Dark Web be governed, and is it working?
- The impact of Quantum Computing on Cyber Security: Treats, opportunities and mitigation strategies
- Encryption in Quantum Computing: Will Quantum Computing technologies enhance digital security?
- Day Zero: What a potential cyberwarfare attack on the UK could look like
- To what extent can AI be used to strengthen defence and security systems without compromising its integrity?
- AI Powered Cybersecurity: A double-edged sword in the age of automated attacks and defence
- The future of cybersecurity
- Are emerging technologies like AI and Machine Learning the driving force behind modern social engineering attacks?
- Evaluating the use of AI within the world of cybercrime and scamming, what can we do?
- Potential dangers of Quantum Computing – will we be safe in the future?
- Cybersecurity Risks: Exploiting AI in modern threats
- The use of AI in Cybersecurity
- How can users protect themselves from cybercriminals that use techniques such as AI?
- What are the dangers of quantum computing in cyber security, and how will it affect us?
- Are our identities ever safe in the cyber world?
- What is cybercrime?
- How does an increase in healthcare technology create an increased opportunity for cybercrime and how can this be combatted?
- The challenges of Data Protection: Balancing security and privacy in the digital age
- Cryptocurrencies: Crimes through privacy
- Evolution of Identity Access Management
- Cyber Warfare – How does cyber espionage influence modern conflict?
- AI – a double-edged sword, enhancing and defending against social engineering tactics
- Will AI turn us into robots, and how will this affect our future security?
- How do international relations affect cybercrime?
- How will quantum computing affect cyber security?
- How will unrestricted and rapidly growing generative AI software become a danger for all companies worldwide?
- How does cryptography influence activities on the dark web?
- The potential dangers of sentient AI
- How does social media influence crime through social engineering?
- The psychology of cybersecurity: Understanding human behaviour in cyber threats and resilience
- Is it possible to create a secure website able to fend against modern cyber threats using just hand-coded methods?
- AI in Cybersecurity: A modern double-edged sword
- How will the development of quantum computers affect encryption?
- The ‘Cat and Mouse Game’ of cyber security and cyber crime
- The effects of Script Kiddies in the Modern World
- How cyber security has affected wars
- What are the most effective forms of cyber attack and what are the best protections against them?
- To what extent can the average person understand the risks of cybercrime and are able to protect themselves?
- What is ethical hacking and how beneficial is it in preventing future cyber attacks and guiding cyber security protocols?
- Methods of Cyber Crime as a service
- What are the major cyber threats to colleges and universities and what are the best practices that should be used to protect them?
- To what extent has AI revolutionised modern cyber security defence systems?
- To what extent is the use of foreign software and hardware a threat to UK national security?
- What security risks/benefits may arise if AI was to replace human penetration testers? Is AI suitable for such a job?
- How the dark web can protect and pose a threat to companies’ data
- What are the risks associated with Ransomware and their effect on organisation and how they can stay protected or mitigate the impact of these risks
- How our data is used by major online retailers and if they can be trusted to keep it safe
- Exploration of AI in Cybersecurity and its future
- Optimised machine learning models for fraud detection: Addressing evolving fraud patterns and minimising false positive rates
- Exploring the impact of AI on current data protection standard: What are the challenges for aligning standards to the rapid rise and development of AI
- On the concept of Quantum Supremacy: To what extent can quantum computers outperform classical computers?
- The importance of cloud and mobile digital forensics in the real world.
- The impact of computer history on cyber security
- The benefits and risks of AI in legacy industries with a focus on the insurance industry
- Steganography and its uses
- What are the cyber challenges associated with connected and autonomous vehicles?
- How ConnectWise ScreenConnect is used for social engineering and ways to mitigate against it
- What are the common vulnerabilities in domestic networks and what action can be taken to limit potential threats?
- What are the dangers of kernel level access and what are the best ways to keep systems secure?
- How can organisations implement secure age verification systems while protecting against emerging cyber security threats?
- To what extent does insider human error contribute to cybercrime and how can it be mitigated?
- Regulating the World Wide Web: What is the future of computer legislation regarding AI and social media?
- Robotic exploration: From deep sea to deep space
- How does state-sanctioned cybercrime impact on populations’ opinions?
- How is Quantum Computing used to facilitate cybercrime and circumvent the innovation of Cybersecurity measures?
- How can neural networks revolutionise diagnostics and treatment in modern medicine?
- AI vs Mankind: The battle for intellectual supremacy
- Can cyber security be implemented on a budget in small businesses (50-100 employees)?
- Understanding and mitigating phishing attacks
- How useful is AI in network security?
- What are quantum computers and will their overall effect on cyber security be positive or negative?
- What are the general impacts of ransomware attacks on critical infrastructure and how can they be mitigated?
- Biometrics: The last line of defence
- To what extent were the codebreaking events at Bletchley Park important to cyber security today?
- Are we likely to see commercial quantum computers soon and what effects could this have on modern day cyber security?
- Evaluate how influential Alan Turing was
- Is the use of AI for cybersecurity more of a benefit than a drawback?
- How has digital forensics changed the criminal world and how has cybercrime affected the lives of innocent people?
- How security testing and vulnerability assessment are used in business and cyber security: Evaluating their effectiveness and importance
- Decentralised Finance: The future of finance or a cyber security nightmare?
- The Human Factor: How social engineering is used to exploit human vulnerabilities in cyber security
- Usages of AI in cyber security and cyber attacks
- Cybercrime incident reporting: How do organisations respond to cybercrime
- Cybercrime unveiled: How has the evolution of cybercrime impacted the world?
- Investigation on how AI is impacting cybersecurity, with a focus on businesses
- Should migrating to post-Quantum cryptography be urgent?
- How are cryptographic algorithms designed and understood in modern cybersecurity?
- How can pentesting use AI to predict future cyberattacks?
- The impact of cyber warfare
- The impact and effects of Ransomware on individuals: Financially, emotionally and professional life
- What is the future for encryption – Quantum Cryptography unfolded
- Assessing the implication of using Virtual Private Networks
- Penetration Testing: A practical approach to cyber security
- How susceptible are cyber-physical systems to potential cyber threats and what are the implications for society?
- An examination of Internet Security and why AI powered tech has yet to become a silver bullet for cyber threats
- Could Neuralink be hacked and what would the consequences be?
- Assessing the resilience and vulnerabilities of smart city IoT to cyber threats
- How has phishing evolved over time?
- Exploring the role of AI in penetration testing: A website-based investigation
- As AI enhances both cyber attacks and defences, is cybersecurity an unwinnable battle?
- Social engineering and phishing as primary vectors in modern cybercrime: A psychological and strategic perspective
- The robots’ security issues: What are the main vulnerabilities robots’ security have and how protect robots from cyber attacks?
- How difficult is it to defend against Zero-click attacks?
- How significant is cybersecurity to the average individual and what are the best measures to protect them
- An investigation into the evolution of Quantum Computing and how it has impacted cryptography over time
- Quantum Computers: How will they transform cryptography in a post-quantum world?
- What are the most successful technologies for tracing cyber fraud in cryptocurrency transactions?
- An evaluation of AI as an effective tool for detecting vulnerabilities in a network
- Quantum computing and encryption – an exploration of how quantum computing will reshape and impact the field of encryption
- Can AI keep up with rapidly evolving cybercriminals? Investing its role in penetration testing
- How has previous development of encryption and authentication affected the world and how will it need to continue changing to keep up with future developments?
- In what ways does AI impact Cyber Security?
- Does digital forensics assist in solving other crimes as much as cybercrimes?
- Cyber security risks faced by women online: Analysing targeted threats, existing legislation/protection and its shortcomings
- Empowering women in cyber: What strategies can help drive an increase in female representation and leadership roles in cybersecurity?
- How can AI and Machine Learning affect software security architecture?
- How can the use of AI be optimised for cyber threat detection in financial firms?
- To what extent does AI have the potential to fully automate roles in Cybersecurity?
- What are the current issues with the usability of technology and in the future how can we focus authentication to be more user friendly?
- What are the most important factors that make individuals vulnerable to phishing attacks, and how can this knowledge inform targeted cybersecurity strategies?
- To what extent is cryptography more effective than legislation in tackling cybercrime?
- To what extent is the rise of cyber espionage impacting the US economy?
- Why is cyber warfare the future of war? Explaining cyber warfare and its evolving potential
- Can history show us the way that cyber warfare will develop?
- The roles of psychological manipulation in cyber attacks
- Assessing the effectiveness of social engineering attack prevention
- Can an information response policy ever be adaptive enough to cope with the rapidly changing cyber security environment?
- To what extent has the emergence of cyber warfare impacted modern conflicts?
- How useful are bug bounty programs to influence people into ethical hacking?
- How do businesses currently mitigate the threats of cybersecurity and what current and future systems are being implemented to reduce risks?
- How effective are current cyber security regulations in preventing and addressing data leaks, and what improvements could be made to adapt to evolving threats?
- How is cyber security adapting to the advancement of AI and how is it predicted to change the future?
- Do modern cars have enough security or is there still room for improvement?
- How can AI be used to reduce the impacts of DDoS attacks?
- How can political elections be affected by cybercrime?
- In the exploitation phase of the social engineering attack cycle, how do attackers manipulate victims to obtain sensitive information and what prevention techniques can individuals at home do to protects against this from occurring?
- How does teaching basic cybersecurity skills effect the security of an organisation?
- How viable will quantum cryptographical methods be to UK small businesses in the next 10 years?
- How can AI implementations in different cyber defence techniques mitigate impacts from different attacks while sustaining defence readiness?
- How has the evolution of ransomware impacted on the security of business networks?
- What technologies pose the biggest threats to digital forensic investigation and how can we mitigate these effects?
- How will the exponential growth of AI create new security issues in the future?
- How would you tier the digital and physical security access levels of a hospital?
- Is Google Firebase a bad idea for security?
- Exploring the dark web: A cybersecurity perspective on myths, risks and ethical reality
- How is cyber warfare becoming an increasing factor in global conflicts?
- Could Bletchley Park be classed as cyber-attack in history?
- How have recent developments in AI affected the cyber security industry?
- In what way has AI changed social engineering and how accessible has social engineering become due to AI?
- How will the rise of quantum computing impact the future of cybersecurity and what steps can be taken to secure data against quantum-based threats?
- What are the effects of cyber warfare and global security?
- What tools are techniques are most effective for conducting penetration tests in AWS?
- Is the AI automation an ethical and safe advancement in the world of cybercrime?
- Has the easy accessibility of hacking tools led to a drastic rise in cybercrime?
- How can AI models enhance features in zero-trust architectures and what factors should be considered before implementation?
- How is AI used as both sword and shield in cybersecurity?
- Why did Bruce Schneier say that “Only amateurs attack machines; professionals target people”?
- Has the modern user become desensitised to cyber threats?
- The importance of encryption in a rapidly increasing world revolving round technology. Why is it so important that we use encryption in our day to day lives?
- The impact of Ransomware on game developers: Vulnerabilities, consequences and solutions
- How well do cryptocurrencies adapt to prevent cyber-attacks?
- Profit before Privacy: How secure is my data?
- A history of cyber forensics and how modern British businesses can use these tools to protect themselves from cyber criminals
- Can AI systems be trusted to make decisions in high stakes environments like national security?
- How safe are the national civil infrastructures from attack by a malign state and what are the threats it faces?
- To what extent does AI pose a threat to humans regarding healthcare?
- Why cyber security is paramount for the NHS and the Ministry of Defence in an ever-growing digitalised world
- Behind the screen: Can you truly remain anonymous?
- AI: Friend or Foe? Discussing the impact of AI, Cybercrime and robots
- Addressing the advancements of AI and how it will change our society
- Security evolving over time to help protect people from cyber-attacks
- How can we create a cyber safe society? Investigating the world of scams, gaming and social media
- Can you truly remain anonymous online?
- What impact does cyber security have on an international scale?
- How do cyber criminals infiltrate small to medium sized organisations through Ransomware attacks and how does this affect the function of these organisations?
- Evaluating security vulnerabilities in the public health sector: Have cyber security measures been maximised with the recent technological advancements in the public health sector since COVID 19?
- Are we taking cyber threats seriously enough? Examining the growing risks and our response to the digital age
- AI Friend or Foe? How will the development of AI affect online security?
- The ethics of the handling of cookies in relation to cyber security, legality and data privacy standards
- To what extent do the benefits of AI in cybersecurity outweigh the risks of AI-powered cyber threats?
- Evaluating the Governmental influence on cyber security: Harmful or beneficial?
- Fostering cybersecurity: Building a resilient digital society
- Smart home devices and cyber security: Evaluating the vulnerabilities in commonly used smart home devices and exploring the risks posed when they are exploited with malicious intent and how people can protect themselves
- Can algorithms be racist?
- The effectiveness of pentesting in a business
- The effects on security when businesses use 2-factor authentication
- An investigation into biometric security systems and their impact
- Different types of viruses that have targeted companies, how they have developed over time and why
- Assessing the threats faced by educational establishments and the effectiveness of preventative training programs
- Is cybersecurity fighting a losing war?
- Is the use of IMSI devices by law enforcement ethical and justified?
- How has Ransomware evolved over time and what can we learn from famous attacks such as WannaCry and NotPetya?
- How will the threat of AI change how we approach cybersecurity?
- How will cyber security have to evolve as a result of Quantum Computing?
- How can AI help reduce cyberthreats and cyberattacks?
- Is smart home technology dangerous?
- The importance of training and upskilling of employees in response to social engineering attacks in the modern age of technology
- How will emerging AI technologies enable new forms of cybercrime and reshape existing threats?
- AI in cybersecurity: Exploring how AI is used within security systems and the risks involved
- Computers and War
- How do cyber criminals cover their tracks?
- The impact of social engineering on cybersecurity
- How could a school secure a wireless network with a minimal amount of vulnerabilities?
- Hackers and Hacking: Sabotaging and securing our lives in online banking
- How vulnerable are UK business to cybercrime?
- How successfully has defensive technology evolved to meet the new cybersecurity threats over the last 20 years in the UK?
- How can organisations enhance cybersecurity measures to mitigate emerging threats?